Support Notebook 7 (#827)
jupyterlab/jupyter-ai: docs/source/users/index.md

conda install jupyterlab~=4.0
```

> You can also used the `jupyter-ai` package with Jupyter Notebook 7. To install Jupyter Notebook 7:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also use Jupyter AI in Jupyter Notebook 7.2+. To install Jupyter Notebook 7.2+:
```

    alt="Screen shot of the setup interface"
    class="screenshot" />

:::{note}
To activate the chat interface in Notebook 7, click on "View > Left sidebar > Show Jupyter AI Chat".
:::

> 

Reviewer: What do you think about moving this section up to its first mention near line 50? I agree that it doesn't really fall under the "Prerequisites" section, but this information is critical for users who want to use Jupyter AI in Notebook 7. In my opinion, we should keep mentions of Notebook 7 local to one another if there are only a few mentions of it in this doc.

Author: Sure, sounds good!
